Revised: before 2020-05-30, other than checking things off 

AWESOME SPEC HERE. READ THIS.
so to recap.
projects contain tasks.
  projects cannot contain further projects (no subprojects)
    if you need to group a set of projects together, tag them.
tasks cannot contain other tasks (no subtasks)
  note to self, if you think they should, then try creating more projects
     else break it down more & CLARIFY your thinking
tasks can exist independent of projects
  if you have a single action that isn't tied to a multi-step desired outcome ('project')
projects must have at least one task/next action defined.
  if not the system will remind you
projects can have more than one task/next action defined.

projects have this metadata, in addition to containing tasks:
x projects must have a single--unique--keyword, for rapid access
x    This is used to uniquely address the project rapidly from the command line.
x  projects are grouped by area of life (work, personal, home/family, business)
   "life contexts", for separation of work/personal life.
    I don't want to see my work tasks after 5p, or my coworkers to see that smutty romance I'm writing after work.
x   projects are also grouped by tags
    form is #tag or #anothertag or #another-tag
x       tasks do NOT have tags, only action context (not to be confused w/ life context).
x   projects have a project support material section.
    when viewing a task you see title, date metadata, action context, and most recent note. and has a history of note/title/reviewed changes.
    when viewing a project you see everything a task has,
    including most recent note,
    AND you see a static few lines of project support material (psm)
      that can be edited at any time.
      [this is to solve the 'project info at bottom of notes list in RTM' problem]

projects AND tasks have this metadata:
x   task or project title (the actual name of the project or what the task actually is haha)
x   creation timestamp 
x   completion timestamp ;; active means no completed timestamp, no deletion timestamp. completed means completed timestamp and not deleted timestamp.
x   deletion timestamp ;; deleted means deleted time stamp is present
x   last-reviewed timestamp
x    notes, each with a timestamp
x     title changes = new note pushed
at minimum, each project and task has a history of changes ('log')
  and each project and task has a history of notes, with the most recent one always displayed for quick status check
although ideally a glance through the color-coded tasks on a project gives you the status, but if you want more you can delve in.


in addition projects track this metadata in the log
  added/removed/completed/deleted task = new note pushed

in addition, tasks only track this metadata
x   <action context> what do I need to do this? my work computer? my personal computer? errands/car/bike? home w/ mower etc.





